For my difference map, I initially wanted to represent the variance of the estimates by highlighting the area in which the estimates resides, i.e. at a given year the space between the upper estimate and lower estimate would be filled in. However, looking at the data there was substantially little *relative* variation between the estimates compared to their overall magnitude. So I had to go back to the drawing board a bit and combine elements from my planned visualization, with some ideas that I initially rejected, from my design studio partners. I wanted to maintain the spirit of the assignment while still getting at the bigger picture.

While I liked my problem two implementation, were several things I thought could be improved:
- Since there were five estimates and interpolation lines...there were in essence five stories being told. Which is fine from an estimate method standpoint, but the overall visualization I wanted to convey was ultimately one of human population growth. I think this is a more powerful story that "what's the variation between population estimates" should also show -- or else why would be care about the relative and absolute error to begin with! So I wanted to have one interpolation line which ran through the middle of the estimates.
- The color scheme visually helped distinguish different estimates but didn't add any extra information. The story I wanted to tell to put into context varitaion was that of population increase, so besides increasing the y axis so more of this population increase could be seen, I created a heat scale from blue to red and made the keys the 5 estimates. So the lowball estimate was blue, then purple, then dark red, to light red as the highest population estimate. This became my distinguishing factor instad of different colored interpolation lines.
- Finally, most of the population increase has happened since the advent of the Industrial Era, in the last several hundred years. Most of the variation and uncertainty is in future prediction, i.e. projecting to 2050 (and 2015, assuming the data is a few years old.) While seeing such an exponential increase from 0 AD certainly looks dramatic, I wanted to focus on recent continued growth so examined 1950-2050 to better show any variation (I accomplished this by slicing the data in JavaScript, but the effort of recreating the data structure which I parsed in took away too much from my real focus, which was on making the visualization.)
- Lastly, I wanted some idea that these population estimates were not exact measurements so I increased the dot size on a scale that would convey some fudge factor and also show the population estimate intensity of a given census/study.
